How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    This is a great feature because it will allow someone to quickly identify their mistakes/accidents. Sometimes when you're typing you just flat out make a typo, and it wasn't intentional or you forget to add a tag etc. I might even break my whole website on accident! Bottom line, this is a useful to find what you did that led up to the end result.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I believe everyone's goal is to be more efficient, and this is a simple tool to implement. I hate reading through lines of code over and over and over. I imagine others do too. With that being said, being able to go back at any point throughout the history of the file/project will allow anyone to pinpoint the exact spot there was an error, especially during collaboration with multiple developers.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: You have full control, no annoyance of auto-save saving whenever it pleases.
    Cons: It can be tedious, and you may forget if you forget. OR worst case scenario if your computer randomly crashes it's kind of a bummber if you didn't commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I'm not too familiar with google docs, my understanding of docs is very basic in the way that I compare it to microsoft word (if there are distinct differences I would be interested in knowing). Git on the other hand, is amazing in my opinion, because from working on a few projects already you sometimes are going through multiple files to solve one problem, minor edits between css&html. Being able to see those commits/changes simplifies workflow. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I don't think git log was covered very much, but you could use git log for displaying a bunch of revisions and it uses git diff as part of it. Using git diff is more for showing the difference between two exact revisions in your repository/file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control gives you that extra re-assurance that even if you make a mistake you can go back and fix it easily because you'll be able to identify what the issue was right away.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'll be using git for a multitude of things. Adding to my portfolio on github, being able to revise code, add notes, etc.
